added  extra points in other safety tips. (#4218)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/intelligence/prevent-malware-infection.md

## Other safety tips

To further ensure that data is protected from malware as well as other threats:

> * Enable systemrestore point before installing any softwares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable a system restore point before installing any software.
```

> * Create system image backup  in other harddisk or in usb pendrive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a system image backup in another hard disk or USB pendrive.
```

> * Create a system image backup in another hard disk or USB pendrive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create a system image backup on another hard drive or USB pen drive.
```

> * Block the fake websites in hosts file which is  located in C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\  like which contains malwares or trojans 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Block the fake websites in the host file which is  located in C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\  and enter the sites that contain malware or Trojans 
```

> by adding new line  at end , use notepad like below.If you cant able to access means , then take ownership of that file or folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Notepad to add a new line at the end as in the following examples. If you cannot get access, take ownership of that file or folder.
```

> # flash update trojan sites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Flash update trojan sites
```

> #

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 127.0.0.1	startheavilysophisticatedproduct.icu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1 startheavilysophisticatedproduct.icu
```

> 127.0.0.1	startpreciseheavilyproduct.icu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1 startpreciseheavilyproduct.icu
```

> 127.0.0.1	betterinstalltypeappclicks.icu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1 betterinstalltypeappclicks.icu
```

> 127.0.0.1	restoremostrecentproduct.icu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
127.0.0.1 restoremostrecentproduct.icu
```

127.0.0.1 repaircompletelyprogressiveproduct.icu
127.0.0.1 anyconcretetypetheclicks.icu
127.0.0.1 startoriginalintenselyproduct.icu

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
